Update component “breadcrumbs” (#291)
Zywave/booster: src/_areas/design-system/components/breadcrumbs.md

---
## What are Breadcrumbs

> Breadcrumbs are a form of secondary navigation that helps users view and navigate efficiently through page hierarchies. The Breadcrumb link also allow users to backtrack through deep navigation as far as they need to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breadcrumbs are a form of navigation that helps users view and backtrack efficiently through page hierarchies.
```

Author: Good suggestion. I made the suggested update.

<hr>

## Usage

> Breadcrumbs give users context so they don't feel lost, even when they are deep inside large, nested content. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure this fully applies anymore. Maybe we can say something like "Breadcrumbs provide the user context of what page they came from when they are viewing nested content."

Author: I agree. I made the update.

![Breadcrumb - Default](/images/breadcrumb-default.svg)

<br>

### When to use Breadcrumbs

* When there are 2 or more pages in the hierarchy

> * When it's necessary to inform users of where they are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When it's beneficial to inform users of where they are
```

Author: Made the change to beneficial.

* When users need a quick and efficient way to navigate back to previous pages

<br>

### Why do we use Breadcrumbs

* Quick, efficient, and straightforward navigation within the application
* Fast navigation: one-click access to get to a previous page

> * Informs the user of their location in relation to other pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Makes sense to remove that one with our new treatment of breadcrumbs.

<hr>

## Anatomy

For a more detailed breakdown of spacing and sizing, [view the design specs.](https://xd.adobe.com/view/cbf87f90-f0db-4b94-b430-55727a71b233-9eab/?hints=off)

![Breadcrumbs - Anatomy](/images/breadcrumb-anatomy.svg)

<br>

Breadcrumbs can contain the following elements:

> 1. **Separator**: use left chevron as a separator at the beginning of the breadcrumb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Icon**: use left chevron at the beginning of the breadcrumb to indicate that the user will be taken back a page
```

Author: Made the suggested update here

> 2. **Previous page**: the previous page is always the only Breadcrumb, styled as a text link without an underline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Link**: a text link to the previous page
```

Author: Great suggestion! Much clearer and more concise. I made the change

<hr>

> ## S﻿tates

Reviewer 2: We could show the different states here. Default, hover, etc. (Use buttons' states section for inspiration)

Author: I talked to Min about this one, and she mentioned that we could state that it follows the guidelines of text links, and then link to the text links documentation. I think we just added a task to create text link documentation for Booster

> Breadcrumbs follow the guidelines for text links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See text link documentation for details about states.
```

Author: I made the update here on the suggested wording.

> ### Breadcrumb title length

Reviewer 2: Don't we want to remove this section if we are planning on moving ahead with transforming breadcrumb into one button

Reviewer 2: Remove isn't the right word. Maybe we should rethink the amount of characters and then update the image.

Reviewer 2: Do: Use one page level...truncate to XX amount of characters Don't: Use multiple page levels and use 150 characters...

Or something like this. Always Have a "Don't to follow-up with the "Do" in the Best-practice section

Author: I removed this section and discussed truncation on mobile only, since it is only one breadcrumb and truncation is not necessary on desktop.

</docs-spacer>

<hr>

## Responsive Layout

* Breadcrumbs on mobile should follow the same pattern and only show the previous page with a chevron to the left.

> * Breadcrumbs titles on mobile will truncate after 30 characters with an ellipsis at the end

Reviewer: Are we sure we need to truncate after 30ch. I think we could allow this to go longer. Maybe state that it will truncate instead of wrapping if necessary.

Author: Yea, I wasn't sure of the number of characters here. I guess it would also depend on the mobile screen size. A certain number of characters could give us more consistency across various mobile devices. However, since it is only one breadcrumb, I could see where we could possibly show more than 30 characters consistently. Do you think coming up with a larger character count could be better than a general statement to truncate?
